[improve][pip] Improve the reusability of Pulsar integration test code and best practices for unit and integration tests in Pulsar (#23565)
apache/pulsar: pip/pip-390.md

# PIP-390: Improve the reusability of Pulsar test code and best practices for unit and integration tests in Pulsar

## Background

- Pulsar integration tests are located in the `tests` module, which run on [testcontainers](https://github.com/testcontainers).
- Pulsar unit tests are located in each module under the test scope, with many tests running on mocked (in-memory) Pulsar clusters. 

> - Currently, Pulsar tests run on the `testng` framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Currently, Pulsar tests run on the [TestNG](https://testng.org/#_welcome_to_testng).
```

Reviewer: I believe that directly providing the framework link may be clearer.

Reviewer 2: So is Pulsar's testing going to switch to using JUnit 5 and remove testng？

Reviewer 3: > So is Pulsar's testing going to switch to using JUnit 5 and remove testng？

@falser101 Perhaps eventually, but that will take a very long time. Instead of having the goal of converting from TestNG to JUnit5, I believe that it would be more valuable to first provide ways to create JUnit5 tests. There's not much value in doing a 1-to-1 mapping from TestNG to JUnit5.

Reviewer 2: > > So is Pulsar's testing going to switch to using JUnit 5 and remove testng？
> 
> @falser101 Perhaps eventually, but that will take a very long time. Instead of having the goal of converting from TestNG to JUnit5, I believe that it would be more valuable to first provide ways to create JUnit5 tests. There's not much value in doing a 1-to-1 mapping from TestNG to JUnit5.

yes, maybe we can commit the first JUnit5 test case

Author: I realized this pip is too much ambitious, and I am not sure it is practical any more. I am thinking of closing this PIP.
